* core
	- cmp 
	- neorg
	- harpoon
	- telescope
* currentnly installed core
	- awesome-vim-colorschemes: This plugin provides a collection of color schemes for Vim.
	- barbar.nvim: This plugin enhances the navigation and organization of buffers in Neovim.
	- cmp-buffer: This is a source for nvim-cmp that provides buffer completion.
	- cmp-emoji: This is a source for nvim-cmp that provides emoji completion.
	- cmp-nvim-lsp: This is a source for nvim-cmp that provides LSP completion.
	- cmp-path: This is a source for nvim-cmp that provides file path completion.
	- copilot-cmp: This is a source for nvim-cmp that provides GitHub Copilot completion.
	- copilot.lua: This is a Lua interface for GitHub Copilot.
	- CopilotChat.nvim: This plugin integrates GitHub Copilot into Neovim for chat-like programming.
	- gitsigns.nvim: This plugin provides Git decorations implemented purely in Lua/Neovim.
	- lazy.nvim: This plugin provides a lazy loading mechanism for Neovim plugins.
	- lazydev.nvim: This plugin provides a development environment for lazy.nvim.
	- LazyVim: This plugin provides a lazy loading mechanism for Vim plugins.
	- lua-utils.nvim: This plugin provides utility functions for Lua in Neovim.
	- neo-tree.nvim: This plugin provides a file explorer tree for Neovim.
	- neorg: This plugin provides a modern and extensible note-taking tool based on the .norg format.
	- neorg-telescope: This plugin integrates Neorg with Telescope for searching .norg files.
	- nui.nvim: This plugin provides a UI component library for Neovim written in Lua.
	- nvim-cmp: This plugin provides a completion engine for Neovim.
	- nvim-nio: This plugin provides non-blocking I/O operations for Neovim.
	- nvim-notify: This plugin provides a fancy notification UI for Neovim.
	- nvim-treesitter: This plugin provides a tree-sitter integration for Neovim.
	- nvim-treesitter-endwise: This plugin provides endwise motions and text objects for Neovim based on tree-sitter.
	- nvim-treesitter-textobjects: This plugin provides text objects for Neovim based on tree-sitter.
	- nvim-ts-autotag: This plugin provides automatic tag closing for HTML, XML, and JSX in Neovim using tree-sitter.
	- nvim-web-devicons: This plugin provides file type icons for Neovim.
	- nvim-window-picker: This plugin provides a window picker for Neovim.
	- pathlib.nvim: This plugin provides a path manipulation library for Neovim.
	- persistence.nvim: This plugin provides session persistence for Neovim.
	- plenary.nvim: This plugin provides a standard library for Neovim in Lua.
	- telescope.nvim: This plugin provides a highly extendable fuzzy finder over lists.
	- theme-loader.nvim: This plugin provides a theme loader for Neovim.
	- vim-matchup: This plugin provides match-up functionality for Vim and Neovim.
	- which-key.nvim: This plugin provides a popup display of keybindings in Neovim.

	Not Loaded (15)
	- ChatGPT.nvim: This plugin integrates OpenAI's GPT-3 model into Neovim for chat-like programming.
	- diffview.nvim: This plugin provides a side-by-side diff viewer for git in Neovim.
	- dooku.nvim: This plugin provides a note-taking tool with markdown-like syntax in Neovim.
	- dressing.nvim: This plugin provides a way to manage and switch between different themes in Neovim.
	- gen.nvim: This plugin provides a code generator for Neovim.
	- harpoon: This plugin provides a mark and navigation system for Neovim.
	- lualine.nvim: This plugin provides a fast and extensible status line for Neovim.
	- luvit-meta: This plugin provides metadata for the Luvit runtime environment.
	- neogen: This plugin provides a way to generate comments for your code in Neovim.
	- neogit: This plugin provides a magit-like interface for git in Neovim.
	- pgsql.vim: This plugin provides syntax highlighting for PostgreSQL files in Vim.
	- vim-log-highlighting: This plugin provides syntax highlighting for log files in Vim.
	- vim-mustache-handlebars: This plugin provides syntax highlighting for Mustache and Handlebars templates in Vim.
	- vim-reason-plus: This plugin provides tooling for ReasonML in Vim.
	- vim-stylus: This plugin provides syntax highlighting for Stylus files in Vim.
* interesting extras
** buffer/tabs
	 - flybuf
** lookup
	 - anyjump references (gd, gD)
** folds
	 -- ● nvim-ufo 30.91ms  BufReadPost
** pairs/surround
	 -- ○ vim-sandwich  dss  ds  sa (x)  sa (o)  ir (x)  css  ab (x)  ab (o)  sa  ir (o)  cs 
** git
	 -- ○ gv.vim  GV 
** notes
	 -- ○ kiwi.nvim  <leader>zn  <leader>zd  <leader>zo  <leader>zx 
	 -- ○ telekasten.nvim  Telekasten  <leader>zg  <leader>zb  <leader>zl  <leader>zm  <leader>zn  <leader>zo  <leader>zN  <leader>zd  <leader>zt  <leader>zf 
	 -- ○ vimwiki  VimwikiUISelect  VimwikiIndex  <Leader>zo 
	 -- ○ zk-nvim  markdown  ZkMatch  ZkNew  ZkNotes  ZkTags  <leader>zg (x)  <leader>zb  <leader>zl  <leader>zn  <leader>zo  <leader>zt  <leader>zf 
** ui
	 -- ● mini.starter 2.31ms  VimEnter
	 -- ● mini.animate 2.93ms  VeryLazy
	 -- ○ mini.map  <Leader>mn 
	 -- ○ outline.nvim  Outline  <leader>cs 
** hops
	 -- ○ flit.nvim  T (o)  F (x)  f  T  t  f (x)  f (o)  F  F (o)  t (x)  t (o)  T (x) 
	** 
	-- ○ overseer.nvim  OverseerTaskAction  OverseerClearCache  OverseerOpen  OverseerClose  OverseerToggle  OverseerSaveBundle  OverseerLoadBundle  OverseerDeleteBundle  OverseerRunCmd  OverseerRun  OverseerInfo  OverseerBuild  OverseerQuickAction  <leader>oi  <leader>ob  <leader>ot  <leader>oc  <leader>ow  <leader>oo  <leader>oq 
	-- ● refactoring.nvim 21.53ms  BufReadPre
	-- ● vim-illuminate 2.61ms  LazyFile
	-- ● vim-repeat 0.16ms  VeryLazy
	-- ○ vim-startuptime  StartupTime 





	-- ● nvim-gtd 6.37ms  BufReadPre
	-- ● nvim-treesitter-context 1.68ms  LazyFile
	-- ○ treesj  TSJJoin  TSJSplit  sj  sk 
	-- ○ vim-fugitive  Gfetch  Gpush  Gclog  Gdiffsplit  G  Git  <leader>gd  <leader>gb  gv.vim
